I'm going to do another one of my
reviews this time we're reviewing the em
pal stream bot 1 plus it's a hands-free
car kit it's Bluetooth 4.0 and it does
work with your auxiliary input on your
car ok so if you don't have bluetooth or
you want to add some extra functionality
or you want to be able to stream from
your phone via bluetooth do this device
and still have hands-free functionality
this is a cool device to have so the box
is your instruction book and then the
device itself and the box you have the
device and you have a 2 port power
adapter and then in the side of the box
- there's some stickers the stickers I'm
not going to here now with the stickers
actually the double stick one will stick
at the back of the device itself and
then you can you know stick it somewhere
where it's convenient for you to gain
access to the hands-free control that
hands-free with the controls so you can
control your phone with so we're going
to go ahead and plug this in here and
plug it into ciliary herring
let's try to pair so we're going to
pause the video just for a second while
we pick all right so we're paired up now
there's a little blue light it's hard to
see so stretchy just you're paired under
them on the hands-free device and you
just basically surly three controls one
is playing pause one is next track
previous track okay and then so go good
and pip play pause and then again this
is all streaming through the phone
itself
and then this is skipping to the next
track on the phone it takes a second our
connection here isn't that great
so we're going to head and wait but it
does work we're going to try one more
time really quickly with the hands-free
phone call option and see how that works
positive one more time
hey we recording regula he Cesar can
hear me yeah hey so we're on a Bluetooth
thing of Mike's car just want to test it
out can you hear us okay well your cell
phone was hung over or something okay
cool hey thank you very much are you all
right well there you have it
it uh works great um works as advertised
its if you don't have the functionality
a car this is a great little device it's
pretty inexpensive it's well-made it's
packaged well and though the double
stick tape on there you had some
functionality that you might normal
already have in your car if you want to
take this somewhere else you can just
remove for the USB adapter and plug it
back in so if you need to move it
somewhere else and that's it if you have
any questions please leave them in the
comments below the video and I'd be
happy to answer for you thank you